Drawer Inheritable Props (#52)
pxblue/react-component-library: docs/Drawer.md

</div>

> You may use the inheritables to override the default styles -- see the [Inheritables](#interitables) section below.

Reviewer: could we maybe do this in the API table, e.g.:
```
| Prop Name | Description |
|------------|------------|
| width          | blah blah    |
| [...sharedProps](#sharedprops) | Props that can be set at any level in the drawer hierarchy |
```

</DrawerFooter>
```

## Interitables

> There are a few optional props that controls the cosmetics of the drawer items and are shared between `Drawer`, `DrawerNavGroup`, `NavItem` and `NestedNavItem`. These properties are inheritable, meaning that the children can inherit the props from their parents if the child prop is set to undefined, and can override the parent props by setting child props to certain values. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Shared Props
The following props can be set at any level in the drawer hierarchy (`Drawer`, `DrawerNavGroup`, `NavItem`, or `NestedNavItem`). If they are set on a parent, they will be used for all children. For more customization, you can set these props on individual children and they will override any value set on the parent.
```

| Name                      | Description                                                | Type               | Required | Default                                                      |
| ------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------ | -------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |

> | activeItemBackgroundColor | Background color for the 'active' item                     | `string`           | no       | (theme.palette.type === 'light' ? primary50Color : theme.palette.primary.main) |

Reviewer: primary50color is a variable isn't it? It would be more helpful to show the actual value I think. Or maybe for these types of props, we can just say `varies for light/dark theme`
